Salix Mailing Lists



% See those first lines at the top? They are the page heading and
% subheading.

%!includeconf: config.t2t

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

%%% All the config is made, so the real contents begins now

% The sidebar with the menu links are on a separated file, included now

%!include: menu.t2t

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

% Put any content below this line

=salix-main=

The **salix-main** mailing list is the main discussion and development
mailing list for Salix.

All developers are requested to register as
most of the development is discussed in this mailing list. Translators
should also register, as notifications about new strings that need to be
translated in the several software projects developed in-house are
regularly posted here. All users are also welcome to register and share
their ideas/opinions about everything concerning the project.

You can subscribe/unsubscribe and view the list archives using the
[salix-main info page https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/salix-main].

The salix-main mailing list address is salix-main@lists.sourceforge.net.
Messages to the list from unsubscribed users are moderated, so it may
take some time until your email actually reaches the list and with a
large enough moderation queue, they may be entirely missed.. Messages from
subscribed users will always reach the list instantly, so if you want to
send an email to the mailing list, subscribing is a good idea.
