Translating Salix

Help us with internationalizing Salix!

% See those first lines at the top? They are the page heading and
% subheading.

%!includeconf: config.t2t

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

%%% All the config is made, so the real contents begins now

% The sidebar with the menu links are on a separated file, included now

%!include: menu.t2t

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

% Put any content below this line

A lot of software that is used in Salix is being developed in-house.
Users from around the world can help us by translating the Salix
software into their own language.

The Salix translation project is being hosted by [Transifex https://www.transifex.com].
There are many resources that are available for translation. Most of
these resources are easily reachable by visiting the [Salix project page https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/salix/]
at Transifex.

However, there are additional resources that are not
included in the main Salix project page and that are available for
translation as well. The reason these resources are not available in the
main Salix project page at Transifex is mainly
because some resources are large enough to warrant their own project
pages. Also, there are some resources that were created as separate
projects even before the main Salix project page existed in Transifex.

So, here's a list of everything you can translate in Transifex, apart
from what is listed in the Salix project page:

- [Salix project https://explore.transifex.com/gapan/salix/]: several
  tools used in Salix, including the installer.
- [Salixtools https://explore.transifex.com/gapan/salixtools/]: the
  Salix system tools (console version).
- [SalixtoolsGTK https://explore.transifex.com/gapan/salixtools-gtk/]:
  The Salix system tools (GTK version).
- [Slapt-get https://explore.transifex.com/jaos/slapt-get/]: The
  package management tools that Salix uses.
- [Dotnew https://explore.transifex.com/gapan/dotnew/]: A utility to
  process .new configuration files.
- [Flatpak-tools https://explore.transifex.com/gapan/flatpak-tools/]:
   Tools to manage flatpak and flatpak related files.

